What is it like to play mom and daughter at the same time?
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
Hey
Stop pretending
I already knew it
You say
If your stepmother knew about your relationship with Li Xiaoya
What would he think?
I don't know when he finds out
How would you feel
What do you want? What don't I want?
Take the villa you live in now
Transfer to my name
And 5 million
OK
I'll transfer it to you tomorrow.
I ask you right now
Get out of my office
roll
They're too cautious.
Keep your distance at all times outside
Don't go to the hotel to open a room at all
I can't find the evidence. It's not outside
Then it must be at home
Since we can't find evidence
Then we'll provoke their relationship
Let them show their feet
What do you mean?
So you pretend to ask Li Xiaoya to get back together.
Ask him out
If he doesn't go out
You tell me about him sleeping with a lot of old men
Don't worry, wait until you don't speak
He will follow you obediently
And my dad
Never allow his prey to be placed by others
He's going to be furious
So there is a gap between the two people
Wouldn't it be easier for us to find evidence?
Sit inside
What are you doing here? Get out